
原文: [Scenes From Anti-DRM Protest Outside W3C](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/scenes-anti-drm-protest-outside-w3c)

A crowd upset about the possibility of DRM in Web standards gathered to protest outside the World Wide Web Consortium's Advisory Committee meeting in Cambridge, MA last night. EFF is participating in these W3C meetings as a member, encouraging the group to adopt a non-aggression covenant to protect security researchers, standards implementors and others from the effects of including DRM-related technology in open standards.
Last night's protests, shown below, were organized by the Free Software Foundation and included comments from EFF's International Director Danny O'Brien.
As with other original material on EFF's site, these photos are released under the permissive Creative Commons Attribution license.
  


Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/21, 原作者: Parker Higgins, 分类: DRM

原文: [Good News For Now: Court Postpones Hearing in Apple v. FBI](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/win-now-court-postpones-hearing-apple-v-fbi)

A magistrate in Riverside, CA has canceled a hearing that was scheduled for Tuesday afternoon in the Apple v FBI case, at the FBI’s request late Monday. The hearing was part of Apple's challenge to the FBI's demand that the company create a new version of its iOS, which would include a backdoor to allow easier access to a locked iPhone involved in the FBI's investigation into the 2015 San Bernardino shootings.
The FBI told the court that an “outside party” demonstrated a potential method for accessing the data on the phone, and asked for time to test this method and report back. This is good news. For now, the government is backing off its demand that Apple build a tool that will compromise the security of millions, contradicts Apple's own beliefs, and is unsafe and unconstitutional.
This may be more than just a routine extension of time. The FBI’s motion acknowledges that it may have other avenues to pursue in accessing the data on the phone, something that it must do under the law. It could also provide a way for the FBI to get out of a very public battle it provoked over an extremely contentious issue: how and when tech companies can be forced to rewrite their software to facilitate surveillance.
This case was always about more than access to a single phone. It was an attempt to set a legal precedent that requires any company to undermine their users’ security at the FBI’s request. Security is vital to protect the information on your phone, and the FBI should work to enhance user security, not undermine it.
It’s very clear that public engagement on this issue was key to helping move this from a fight just between Apple and the government to one where all of us know that our security is at stake. The world is watching. We extend our deepest appreciation to all the friends of EFF who spoke out on this issue.
But remember: this isn’t over. The FBI could come back to the court in a few weeks and try again to force Apple to write software that breaks the security on our iPhones. It’s also possible that the FBI will look for another test case it can use to create a legal precedent.
Regardless of the courtroom battles ahead, FBI will undoubtedly continue its efforts in Congress. For years, the FBI has been decrying what they see as a “going dark” problem -- the FBI initiative to undermine encryption. Several members of Congress, led by Senators Dianne Feinstein and Richard Burr, continue to threaten to rush through legislation that would mandate backdoors in our technology or otherwise force tech companies to ensure FBI's access to everyone's communications. We’re also gearing up for a major battle over backdoor legislation in states like California and are worried about pressure that other technology companies may be facing, like WhatsApp.
Above all, we’re committed to continuing to defend user rights to strong security, including strong encryption.
Please help us in this effort:
If you aren’t already a member of EFF, please join today. Your support can ensure we are fighting legislative and legal battles for digital security. And if you are an EFF member, thanks for making this work possible.
And please join us in our public campaign in defense of encryption by tweeting to President Obama, urging him to reject backdoors in our technology.

Related Cases: Apple Challenges FBI: All Writs Act Order (CA)Apple All Writs Act (NY)Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/22, 原作者: Cindy Cohn, 分类: Call To Action

原文: [After Withholding Mail, Army Allows Chelsea Manning to Read EFF Writing](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/army-allows-chelsea-manning-read-eff-writing)

EFF is pleased to announce that the U.S. Army has allowed Chelsea Manning to receive a packet of news articles, EFF blog posts, and a regulatory filing related to prisoner free speech rights that it had previously withheld. Manning is currently imprisoned at the U.S Disciplinary Barracks (USDB) at Ft. Leavenworth for her role in the release of military and diplomatic documents to Wikileaks.
As we reported last month, the Army had rejected the mail from a Manning supporter citing regulations limiting printouts from the Internet. Initially, the mail had been withheld under provisions that both limited the number of pages an inmate can receive from the Internet and allowed the prison to block Internet pages that it believed may violate copyright laws. The information provided to Manning made the actual basis for withholding unclear, and EFF wrote to the Army pointing out that printing the materials for Manning would not infringe our copyright. We also sent the materials to Manning directly.
Ultimately, the Army did provide Manning with the content after EFF re-sent it. The material included blog posts about inmate use of social media and articles from Buzzfeed and the Harvard Business Review. We have since learned the Army separately restricted Manning’s access to at least two other packets of writing, including printouts from Twitter and posts from Vice's Broadly , PinkNews, The Independent, BoingBoing, Fight for the Future, ACLU, and the Freedom of the Press Foundation, all of which related to a podcast Manning recorded with Amnesty International.
The Army has yet to respond to EFF’s letter that voiced our concerns about the policy, but Manning has received a rejection to her appeal. It remains unclear whether the information was blocked solely because the packets each contained more than the five-page limit on printouts or if copyright also played a role. It’s unfortunate that the initial withholding notice was not clear on that point.
EFF remains concerned about the overly restrictive limits on content from the Internet provided to Manning and other prisoners. While prisons may establish limits based on staff ability to review large number of pages for contraband and coded messages, the five-page limit seems unnecessarily small. Indeed, it would make it difficult to send an inmate even a single, long article. In contrast, the New York prison system—which is not especially known for a strong civil rights record—has a similar five-page limit, but it considers a single news clipping to be one page, even if it is printed across multiple pieces of paper. We hope the Army will consider at least this minor adjustment, since the Internet is obviously a crucial source of information.
In addition, we believe the Army erred in withholding EFF’s filing to the Federal Communications Commission on regulating prison telecommunications systems, since it was not an Internet article, but a public record.
Prisons must respect the rights of inmates to access information from the Internet, especially if that information relates to the rights of inmates. We urge USDB to review these mail policies and to respond without delay to EFF’s letter.
Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/23, 原作者: Dave Maass, 分类: Free Speech

原文: [Georgia License Plate Reader Bill: Bad for the Public, Bad for the Police](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/georgia-license-plate-reader-bill-bad-public-bad-police)

Update [March 25, 2016]: Georgia failed to pass H.B. 93 by the end of the day Thursday, which means the bill is now dead. 
H.B. 93 began with good intentions. Georgia legislators saw a need to protect privacy by regulating how law enforcement agencies use automated license plate reader (ALPR) technology and limiting how long police can store location data collected on everyday drivers.
Unfortunately, the version of the bill currently on the fast track to passage is rife with problems that would not only harm the public, but threaten security research and hinder law enforcement’s ability to ensure the integrity of ALPR systems. It could be voted upon by the Georgia Senate on Thursday, the last day for the legislature to pass bills. 
ALPR are systems of high-speed cameras that collect the license plates of any vehicle that passes, turns those plates into machine readable code, then stores that data along with time and locational information. When this data is collected in aggregate it serves a tracking function and can expose personal information about drivers, such as where they sleep at night, what doctors they see, and where they worship. It can be used to predict a person’s movements and reveal their relationships with other drivers.
Originally, the bill would have limited ALPR storage to 90 days. While EFF would like to see much shorter retention periods, 90 days is significantly better than 2 years or indefinitely, which is the case in many jurisdictions. However, an amendment to the bill extended the retention period to one year.
But that’s not the worst provision in the legislation.
Read EFF's letter in opposition to H.B. 93.
The bill declares that ALPR data may only be accessed for law enforcement purposes, which is defined as an “investigation of an offense or activity attributed to a case number assigned by a law enforcement agency.”
On its face that sounds like a good restriction: police generally shouldn’t be able to access the data for illegitimate reasons. However, this requirement would have terrible implications for system security.
For example: if supervisors want to spot check the ALPR logs to ensure that officers are accessing the system properly, they would not be able to without first opening a criminal case. Similarly, they would need to open a criminal case in order to look at the raw data to correct mistakes, such as erroneous plate reads.
The bill also makes it a criminal offense if someone “knowingly requests, uses, obtains, or attempts to obtain captured license plate data of a law enforcement agency under false pretenses or for any purpose other than for a law enforcement purpose.” The penalty is steep: a maximum fine of $5,000 and up to two years in prison.
This measure would criminalize a whole host of activities. For example: a police agency could not conduct a demonstration of the technology for the media or a city council member. Even asking to see the data for oversight purposes would be a criminal offense.
This also hits close to home. Last year, EFF found that Internet-connected ALPR cameras in Louisiana, California, and Florida had webpages that were completely exposed to the public. Anyone with a browser could access the configuration settings, and in many cases a site visitor could see through the cameras as they collected plate data. Other researchers also discovered that the ALPR data could be easily captured as the camera transferred it to a central hub. 
EFF contacted each agency to inform them about the vulnerability. Almost all of the cameras have since been fixed or taken offline. While the law enforcement agencies thanked us for alerting them to the problem, under the Georgia bill, this would have opened us—and other security researchers—to criminal prosecution.  
In principle, we like the idea of limiting access to ALPR data to criminal investigations, but there must be exceptions for diagnostics and maintenance, system security, and oversight. Further, there should be some sort of safe harbor for security researchers who disclose vulnerabilities.
Finally, the bill also eliminates any possibility of transparency over ALPR data, since it explicitly states that the data is not subject to Georgia’s Open Records Act. We believe the public should have access to de-identified data—the time, date, and location, but without the actual plate numbers—in order to evaluate the program. For example, access to a week’s worth of ALPR data from Oakland allowed us to see how the technology may be disproportionately deployed in certain neighborhoods.
EFF provided the bill’s author with suggested fixes that would have made room over accessing ALPR data for security and oversight purposes, but none of these recommendations were added to the bill.
We call on the Georgia legislature to reject this bill in its current state, and, if it does pass, Gov. Nathan Deal should not hesitate to veto it.
Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/23, 原作者: Dave Maass, 分类: Privacy, Locational Privacy

原文: [Obama Has Gotten 3,000+ Tweets about Encryption. Let’s Double That.](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/obama-has-gotten-3000-tweets-about-encryption-lets-double)

EFF, ACLU, and Access Now released a statement in support of Apple and its stance on encryption last week. We called on the President to reject any attempt to force backdoors like the one the FBI was seeking to Apple’s operating system. We asked our communities to help by tweeting at the President.
Over three thousand people have joined us, sending a stream of tweets to the President.
Since then, the FBI has at least temporarily backed off its attempts to strong-arm Apple into defeating its own security. But the backdoor battle isn’t over: Obama still must answer our petition on encryption, signed by over 100,000 people.
It’s been 148 days since our SaveCrypto petition reached 100,000 signatures, crossing the threshold to require an official response from the White House. The people have spoken, and they came out powerfully against any action that would weaken the encryption we all depend on to protect our security. It’s time for the President to fulfill his duty and respond to his petitioners.
Join us on Twitter and Facebook in telling President Obama to stand up for strong crypto without backdoors. Let’s keep the tweets coming for a couple more days.

Share this on Twitter.
Share this on Facebook.
Related Cases: Apple Challenges FBI: All Writs Act Order (CA)Apple All Writs Act (NY)Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/23, 原作者: rainey Reitman, 分类: Call To Action, Privacy, Security

原文: [Launching the Electronic Frontier Alliance](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/launching-efa)


We're excited to announce the formation of a new grassroots network, the Electronic Frontier Alliance. Bringing together community and campus organizations across the U.S., the Alliance will serve as an increasingly vital hub for activism and organizing addressing a spectrum of civil liberties and digital rights issues.
The Alliance will bring together groups pursuing a range of strategies and tactics—from hacker spaces crowdsourcing the open source development of software tools, to student groups hosting teach-ins and documentary screenings. They will be united by five substantive principles:

free expression: people should be able to speak their minds to whomever will listen.


security: technology should be trustworthy and answer to its users.


privacy: technology should allow private and anonymous speech, and allow users to set their own parameters about what to share with whom.


creativity: technology should promote progress by allowing people to build on the ideas, creations, and inventions of others.


access to knowledge: curiosity should be rewarded, not stifled.

Some EFA member groups—like Penn for Privacy—will be new campus organizations coming together to engage students and young people. Others—like the Oakland Privacy Working Group—will be the product of longstanding community organizing initiatives.
We welcome organizations pursuing a wide range of interests to endorse the principles, which relate to fundamental rights necessary to many forms of advocacy. We anticipate participation from diverse movements such as Occupy, the Tea Party, Black Lives Matter, and the movements for immigrant rights, drug policy reform, peace and justice, gun rights, and others.
Many participants in these movements recognize the importance of digital rights in securing their own objectives. Indeed, digital rights are increasingly necessary to enable the intellectual freedom at the very heart of a democratic society.
Activities coordinated across the EFA will span a wide spectrum. Groups just starting to establish a presence in their respective communities might begin by tabling at public events, circulating petitions to identify initial supporters, and hosting public discussions. Others that are more well established may work to actively impact the public discussion in a variety of ways, from writing op-eds and letters-to-the-editor for local newspapers to meeting with legislators. Many will promote digital rights through social media campaigns, and some may organize creative visual stunts or organize demonstrations and public debates.
Any organization that endorses the five principles uniting the Alliance is eligible to apply for membership and participation. To join the Alliance, start here.
Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/24, 原作者: Shahid Buttar, 分类: Announcement, Electronic Frontier Alliance

原文: [EFF and Partners Support Media Monitoring Service in Fight for Fair Use](https://www.eff.org/press/releases/eff-and-partners-support-media-monitoring-service-fight-fair-use)

Fox News Claims Broadcast TV Database Infringes CopyrightSan Francisco - A media monitoring service that creates a text-searchable database of television and radio content is defending its fair use rights before a federal appeals court. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), New York University’s Technology Law and Policy Clinic, and Public Knowledge urged the court Wednesday to protect this innovative technology—and others that have yet to be developed—from being shut down by copyright infringement claims.
“Search engines and book digitization have proven the enormous social benefits of indexing and archiving the media,” said EFF Staff Attorney Kit Walsh. “This case is the latest in a long line of copyright-based challenges to these important tools, and it should fail just as the others have.”
In this case, Fox News sued a company called TVEyes, claiming the company’s broadcast content database—used by journalists, scholars, and political campaigns to study and monitor the national media—infringed its copyright in its programming. The district court acknowledged that the service is generally a fair use of copyrighted material, but then, in a second ruling, held that some of the features of the TVEyes database could facilitate infringement, including the ability to share links or search by date and time. In a departure from established legal precedent, the court ruled that this was enough to defeat TVEyes’ fair use defense.
TVEyes appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In an amicus brief filed Wednesday, EFF and its partners argued that the law does not impose liability on a toolmaker based on the possibility that users will misuse a tool, except in limited circumstances not present here and not even alleged by Fox News.
“TVEyes’ liability should not turn on the hypothetical conduct of its users,” said EFF Legal Director Corynne McSherry.  “If the district court decision is upheld, all kinds of new technologies could be at risk. We are asking the appeals court to follow the law and reject Fox News’ claims.”
For the full amicus brief:https://www.eff.org/document/amicus-brief-37
For more on Fox News v. TVEyes: https://www.eff.org/cases/fox-news-v-tveyes
Contact: 

KitWalshStaff Attorneykit@eff.org 

Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/24, 原作者: Rebecca Jeschke, 分类: 

原文: [(Email) Blast from the Past: EFF's First Message to Supporters](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/blast-past-effs-first-email-supporters)

July 21, 1990: Neil Patrick Harris and Alyssa Milano were on the cover of TV Guide, Pink Floyd performed near the ruins of the Berlin Wall, and First Lady Barbara Bush christened the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier the USS George Washington. But perhaps the most significant touchstone, at least to those of us in the digital civil liberties movement, is that EFF founder John Perry Barlow sent the first-ever EFF email blast to our supporters. 
In the email, sent out 11 days after EFF was publicly launched, Barlow explains that EFF was founded to ensure that our constitutional right to free speech is protected across digital media. Nearly 700 e-newsletters later, EFF is still defending your right to free expression, not just in the U.S. but globally, as well fighting for transparency, encryption, privacy, and innovation. 
Sign up for EFFector, EFF's newsletter today. 
For your throwback reading pleasure, here's the full text of that historic email blast: 
From: John Perry Barlow 
Date: Saturday, July 21, 1990
Good people,
Greetings. Some of you who read Crime and Puzzlement when it first went digital and offered immediate help in dealing with the issues raised therein. It's been five weeks since I promised to get back to you "shortly." It is now clear that we are operating on political rather than electronic time. And political time, though not so ponderous as geologic time or, worse, legal time, is hardly swift. The Net may be instantaneous, but people are as slow as ever.
Nevertheless, much has happened since early June. Crime and Puzzlement rattled all over Cyberspace and has, by now, generated almost 300 unsolicited offers of help...financial, physical, and virtual. At times during this period I responded to as many as 100 e-mail messages a day with the average running around 50. (The voice of Peter Lorre is heard in the background, repeating, "Toktor, ve haf created a *monster*.")
Well, we have at least created an organization. Lotus founder Mitch Kapor and I have founded the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an endeavor for which we have immodest ambitions. Descending from the Computer Liberty Foundation mentioned in Crime and Puzzlement, the EFF has received initial (and extremely generous) funding from Mitch, Steve Wozniak, and another Silicon Valley pioneer who wishes to remain anonymous. We have also received many smaller offers of support.
As you will see in the accompanying press release, we formally announced the EFF at a press conference in Washington on July 10. The press attention was lavish but predictable...KAPOR TO AID COMPUTER CRIMINALS. Actually, our mission is nothing less than the civilization of Cyberspace.
We mean to achieve this through a variety of undertakings, ranging from immediate legal action to patient, long-lasting efforts aimed at forming, in the public consciousness, useful metaphors for life in the Datasphere. There is much to do. Here is an abbreviated description of what we are already doing:
We have engaged the law firms of Rabinowitz, Boudin, Standard, Krinsky & Lieberman and Silverglate & Good to intervene on behalf of Craig Neidorf (the publisher of Phrack) and Steve Jackson Games. (For a digest of the legal issues, please see the message following this one.) We became involved in these particular cases because of their general relevance and we remain alert to developments in a number of other related cases.
Despite what you may have read, we are not involved in these legal matters as a "cracker's defense fund," but rather to ensure that the Constitution will continue to apply to digital media. Free expression must be preserved long after the last printing press is gathering museum dust. And we intend an unequivocal legal demonstration that speech is speech whether it finds form in ink or in ascii.
We have funded a significant two-year project on computing and civil liberties to be managed by the Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility. With it, we aim to acquaint policy makers and law enforcement officials of the civil liberties issues which may lie hidden in the brambles of telecommunications policy. (A full description of this project follows.)
During the days before and after the press conference, Mitch and I met with Congressional staffers, legal authorities, and journalists, as well as officials from the White House and Library of Congress. Thus we began discussions which we expect to continue over a period of years. These informal sessions will relate to intellectual property, free flow of information, law enforcement training and techniques, and telecommunications law, infrastructure, and regulation.
Much of this promises to be boring as dirt, but we believe that it is necessary to "re-package" the central issues in more digestible, even entertaining, forms if the general public is to become involved in the policies which will fundamentally determine the future of American liberty.
* Recognizing that Cyberspace will be only as civilized as its inhabitants, we are working with a software developer to create an "intelligent front end" for UNIX mail systems. This will, we hope, make Net access so easy that your mother will be able cruise around the digital domain (if you can figure out a way to make her want to). As many of you are keenly aware, the best way, perhaps the only way, to understand the issues involved in digital telecommunications is to experience them first hand.
These are audacious goals. However, the enthusiasm already shown the Foundation indicates that they may not be unrealistic ones. The EFF could be like a seed crystal dropped into a super-saturated solution. (Or perhaps more appropriately, "the hundredth monkey.") Our organization has been so far extremely self-generative as people find in it an expression for concerns which they had felt but had not articulated.
In any case, we are seeing a spirit of voluntary engagement which is quite a departure from the common public interest sensation of "pushing a rope."
You, the recipients of this first e-mailing are the pioneers in this effort. By coming forward and offering your support, both financial and personal, you are doing much to define the eventual structure and flavor of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
And much remains to be defined. We are applying for 501(c)3 status, which means that your contributions to the Foundation will be tax deductible at the time this status is granted. However, tax-exempt status also places restrictions on the ability to lobby which may not be consistent with our mission. Like many activist organizations, we may find it necessary to maintain two organizations, one for lobbying and the other for education.
We are in the process of setting up both a BBS in Cambridge and a Net newsgroups. None of this is as straightforward as we would have it be. We have also just received an offer of production and editorial help with a newsletter.
What can you do? Well, for starters, you can spread the word about EFF as widely as possible, both on and off the Net. Feel free, for example, to distribute any of the materials included in this or subsequent mailings, especially to those who may be interested but who may not have Net access.
You can turn some of the immense processing horsepower of your distributed Mind to the task of finding useful new metaphors for community, expression, property, privacy and other realities of the physical world which seem up for grabs in these less tangible regions.
And you can try to communicate to technically unsophisticated friends the extent to which their future freedoms and well-being may depend on understanding the broad forms of digital communication, if not necessarily the technical details.
Finally, you can keep in touch with us at any of the above addresses. Please pass on your thoughts, concerns, insights, contacts, suggestions, and, and most importantly, news of relevant events. And we will return the favor.
Forward,
John Perry Barlow for The Electronic Frontier Foundation
Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/24, 原作者: Dave Maass, 分类: 

原文: [Appeals Court Sends Smith v. Obama NSA Lawsuit Back to the Trial Court](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/appeals-court-sends-smith-v-obama-nsa-lawsuit-back-trial-court)

The fallout from the passage of the USA FREEDOM Act continues.
One of EFF’s three cases against the NSA, Smith v. Obama, has been sent back to the trial court by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The lawsuit was brought by an Idaho neonatal nurse, Anna Smith, who was outraged to discover that the NSA was engaging in bulk collection of telephone records. This same program is challenged in our First Unitarian Church of Los Angeles v. NSA case and has also always been a part of our long-running Jewel v. NSA case.
Most importantly for where we are now, this is the same program that was formally ended with the changes to Section 215 of the Patriot Act wrought by USA FREEDOM. Of course, a new version of the law replaced the old program with another one about which we, and others, have raised serious concerns. But nevertheless, Ms. Smith sued over the now-ended mass spying operation and that limits what a court can do even if it were to find that the old program was illegal.
Smith originally argued that her Fourth Amendment rights were violated when the NSA collected her phone records. She asked the court to order the government to do two things: (1) stop collecting her records going forward; (2) destroy the ones they had already. This last request is known in the law as a “purge” claim.
The appeals court determined that because the program ended by the implementation of USA FREEDOM, a court could not order the program to end. But the Ninth Circuit returned the purge claim to U.S. District Judge B. Lynn Winmill at the trial court in Idaho to determine whether Smith can force the government to destroy her records in its possession.  
We believe the purge claim is still alive. The collection was illegal in the first place, and the government should not be able to retain records it illegally collected, which it is indisputably doing.
So now we head back to Idaho and another round.  
How We Got Here
The case was originally dismissed in June 2014, when Judge Winmill concluded that he was bound by a 1979 Supreme Court decision that found that people did not have privacy interests in the records they share with their phone company. In doing so, Judge Winmill nevertheless expressed serious concerns about the privacy implications of the NSA’s surveillance.
We joined Smith’s legal team along with the ACLU when Judge Winmill’s decision was appealed to the Ninth Circuit. The Ninth Circuit heard argument in the case in December 2014, but did not issue a decision. On July 27, 2015, a few weeks after the passage of USA FREEDOM, the Ninth Circuit announced that it was no longer actively considering the appeal and would wait to see how a different challenge to NSA spying in a different court, ACLU v. Clapper, was resolved. That case is ongoing.
More than seven months later, the Ninth Circuit finally acted.
What about First Unitarian?
Our First Unitarian case remains alive. The plaintiffs in that case are also asking the court to order that their records be purged. Plus, the First Unitarian plaintiffs, unlike Anna Smith, have claims for money damages based on the illegal collection of their records. Even the NSA has admitted to the secret FISA Court that those claims are not moot.
We look forward to moving that case along so that we can fully and finally ensure that the illegal program is dead, and won’t be coming back.
And we’ll keep fighting the NSA’s mass spying in Jewel and other cases.  
Related Cases: Smith v. ObamaJewel v. NSAFirst Unitarian Church of Los Angeles v. NSAShare this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/24, 原作者: David Greene, 分类: Legal Analysis, News Update, NSA Spying

原文: [TPP Under Fire in the U.S. As Other Signatories Advance Towards Ratification](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/tpp-under-fire-us-other-signatories-advance-towards-ratification)

The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is taking a beating in the ongoing U.S. presidential election cycle, leaving some observers to wonder if it can survive such a political backlash against trade agreements. But as the leading candidates seem to compete for who can bash U.S. trade policies the hardest, other countries have been pressing forward to ratify the TPP since the deal's signature in February.
In the U.S., chances are close to nil that the TPP could get ratified anytime soon. The White House is still seeking congressional support for the massive 12-country deal but the political environment could not be any more unfavorable. Presidential candidates are pointing to trade agreements as the root cause of economic inequality. For the Obama administration, things look grim in Congress as well. More and more lawmakers are coming out against the TPP, while others who had long championed the deal are now holding back their support over their stance that some of the provisions do not go far enough to protect certain industries. The soonest the TPP's ratification vote may happen is during the “Lame Duck” period after November's election.
But even as the United States stalls on the TPP, other countries are moving towards ratification. Below is a summary of how TPP is advancing outside the United States:
New Zealand: The Minister of Commerce and Consumer Affairs released a consultation document on the implementation of the TPP's intellectual property provisions. EFF has reviewed their proposals and will submit comments. One of the most substantial issues affecting Kiwis' digital rights are the changes the government would be required to make to its DRM rules. Even though the TPP bans the circumvention of DRM, potentially even for non-copyright-infringing purposes, it was a pleasant surprise to see that the government propose very permissive flexibilities that could effectively counteract this toxic obligation. We urge other countries to emulate New Zealand in this regard, and do all they can to support user rights if they are to ratify and implement the TPP.
Australia: Leading proponents of the TPP are seeking parliamentary approval for the TPP before the country heads into a federal election later this year, fearing increased politicization of the issue blocking its chances of getting ratified.
Canada: Trade officials are delivering on their promise that they would consult with the Canadian people about the TPP's impacts. The parliamentary committee on trade is holding public hearings across Canada to hear from people directly and is inviting Canadians to submit written comments by the end of April. A coalition of Canadian civil society organizations have created the Let's Talk TPP platform to make it easy for anyone to send comments to state officials. (To read more about how the TPP will affect the digital rights of Canadians, see Professor Michael Geist's blog series, The Trouble With the TPP.)
Japan: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe introduced some bills earlier this month to approve the agreement during the current Diet session, paving the way for the TPP to be debated by the legislature in April and possibly ratified by the summer. Sadly, one of the bills would enact the TPP's copyright term extension into Japanese law—a provision that we have vehemently opposed. There has long been a major opposition movement against the TPP in Japan, including from those protesting its copyright provisions, but more so due to powerful agricultural and industrial organizations that fear the agreement's impact on their markets. We hope that when these bills come up for debate next month, the Japanese people come out in force to stop the implementation of the TPP's restrictive copyright rules.
Malaysia: The Senate ratified the agreement on January 28 even before the TPP signing in February, making it the first and so far only country to do so. That approval came despite opposition from thousands of Malaysians who protested in the streets. Still, the government must go through the process of implementing the actual terms of the agreement into law. It had already preemptively made some of the necessary changes to its laws in 2012, but one major remaining change is the copyright term extension. A national committee, made up of private industry and NGO representatives, has been created to oversee this process. If they will not reject the deal outright, we encourage this committee to propose copyright rules that maximize the public interest.
Vietnam: The National Assembly has announced plans that it will approve the TPP in July of this year. The Vietnamese government says it strives for an early ratification to prove their role as "active member of the TPP" and has assigned some of its national ministries to conduct reports on the TPP's impact on Vietnam's laws.
Peru: The Prime Minister has expressed his intention to press forward with the TPP's, but there has been vocal public opposition to the deal. Nearly 40 civil society organizations across Peru demanded that a full public debate take place in Congress before the government moves to approve it. Over the following month, there were at least five protests against the deal, one of which had over 2,000 Peruvians marching across the capital city of Lima.
The agreement itself stipulates that the TPP's provisions do not go into force until at least the U.S. and Japan both ratify the agreement. If the U.S. does ratify, it will still claim the ability to withhold benefits from other countries until their implementations are "certified" as compliant to the U.S. interpretation of the deal. We strongly urge countries to forgo TPP's implementation into their laws until at least the TPP impasse is resolved in the United States—or for that matter, to never ratify the deal at all. Many of these TPP signatories are preemptively binding their laws to an agreement that will not only undermine their people's rights to free expression, privacy, and access to knowledge on the Internet, but would also threaten innovation and creativity, potentially all in exchange for nothing.
The TPP was kept entirely secret from the public for seven years of negotiations, while powerful corporate stakeholders had the prerogative to decide its aims and objectives. We're now at the last stage when it's possible to defeat this deal. That's what happened with the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), which had already been completed and signed when tens of thousands of Europeans went out and protested the agreement. They couldn't be ignored, and Parliament rejected ACTA. There's hope that we can defeat the TPP too, but it will only happen if the public demands our governments do the right thing and reject its ratification.
~
Are you in the U.S.? If so, call on your Congress members to hold congressional hearings about the contents of the TPP immediately, and demand that they reject the deal when the agreement comes up for an eventual ratification vote:

Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/25, 原作者: Maira Sutton, 分类: Fair Use and Intellectual Property: Defending the Balance, International, Trade Agreements and Digital Rights, Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement

原文: [The Hubris of Investigators](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/hubris-investigators)

A now-vacated hearing requiring Apple to undermine the security of its users prompted an ongoing controversy over government access to encrypted devices.
While a federal court in San Bernardino may never rule on the flood of arguments supporting Apple's defense of user security, observers—especially members of Congress—should pay close attention to a few themes that have emerged in the public debate.
Policymakers who understand those themes will reject reported legislation that would mandate backdoors in your technology, or otherwise force tech companies to ensure the FBI's access to everyone's communications. Senators Dianne Feinstein, D-CA, and Richard Burr, R-NC, have threatened to introduce a proposal along those lines, which would place millions of people at risk, overlook several key facts, and resign a need for long overdue—and increasingly vital—transparency into law enforcement excesses.
Downplaying risks
First and foremost, we should be disturbed by FBI officials repeatedly discounting the potential harms that their demands could have caused.
For example, claims that the powers sought in San Bernardino would be applied to a single phone in a single investigation into a particularly heinous crime were proven false within days. Prosecutors in cities from coast-to-coast confirmed that they plan to seek similar orders circumventing the device encryption on hundreds of phones in cases completely unrelated to terrorism.
Those officials have thousands of counterparts across the U.S. who would, if able, follow closely behind them. Creating master keys to circumvent device encryption would leave no user of that platform—or any other platform—safe, should the law change to allow government investigators the power to force any company to essentially hack their users.
And that's just the U.S. government. What damage a master key could do in the hands of Chinese, Iranian or Israeli intelligence operatives is anyone’s guess. Quite frankly, the bureau should know better.
Strange timing
Second, this is not a new issue. For years, government agencies have sought the power to circumvent encryption. Congress denied that authority when legislators closely examined encryption in the 1990s, and decided in the Communications Assistance to Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) to require telecom companies to provide assistance to investigators—but not to require them to create new security vulnerabilities that did not before exist.
Also curious is the timing of the request. The phone in San Bernardino was in the hands of investigators for two months before the government appeared in an ex parte (one-sided) proceeding and claimed the need to force Apple to create dangerous new code to assist its investigation.
That demand came just one week after FBI Director James Comey was pressed by senators in an oversight hearing to defend his claims that encryption is blinding investigators and undermining their ability to do their work. And the bureau's decision to vacate its earlier demands came just one day before the government would have been required to substantiate claims it had previously made only in ex parte hearings.
The facts
Senators who last month challenged Comey’s claims did so with good reasons. Contrary to claims by law enforcement officials, observers from national security agencies have agreed that, in fact, government investigators enjoy rapidly proliferating opportunities to monitor suspects in legitimate investigations.
Intelligence officials have also agreed, contrary to claims by investigators and prosecutors, that encryption keeps us safe. That is why, according to the former head of both the CIA and NSA, the order sought and then resigned by the FBI represents a government agency’s confused attempt to gain a tactical advantage (the ability to access more data) at the expense of a far greater strategic cost (undermining the security of a device platform used by millions of people).
Let’s be smart about that cost, because it’s a big part of why Apple is fighting tooth and nail to protect its users in the first place. The sad reality is that 3 million smartphones are stolen every year in the U.S. alone, and far more are lost or misplaced.
That means millions of Americans have at some point lost control over their personal financial transactions, intimate conversations, and revealing photos by losing their phones or falling prey to theft.
Stolen phones have been used to commit identity theft, blackmail, and fraud. They’ve enabled revenge porn—much of which is posted by data thieves—with devastating emotional effects on the people depicted in images revealed without their consent.
Stolen phones can endanger journalists and human rights activists who work in authoritarian countries or, for that matter, even here in the U.S. Many whistleblowers, when risking their careers to do the right thing, have relied on encryption to keep themselves safe when collecting evidence of government abuses.
Stolen phones can also expose LGBTQ people who remain in the closet because their communities would be hostile were they more open. Around the world and, unfortunately, even in the U.S., losing your privacy can make you unsafe.
These remain real problems. Encryption offers a real solution. It’s worth fighting for.
Speaking at South by Southwest, President Obama proposed a compromise, wishing for a solution that would, for better or worse, require a new discovery in mathematics in order to become possible. Ultimately, there can be no compromise with math.
We care as much about national security as anyone else. But what investigators sought would not make anyone safe. As a matter of (perhaps unfortunate, but inescapable) fact, the FBI’s withdrawn demands would have created new threats with dangerous implications for millions of people.
Transparency and Oversight
Finally, this latest controversy highlights once again the need for meaningful congressional oversight. Led by a few members, Congress has convened a new commission to study encryption. But as long as investigatory bodies are proliferating, one should be mandated to do what the House and Senate intelligence committees were created, but have repeatedly failed, to do.
Congress must finally investigate the federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies, reform the bloated and dysfunctional classification system, and enforce at least a modicum of meaningful transparency so the public can know what our government is doing to us.
We know what that kind of oversight can accomplish. In the 1970s, robust investigations by the Church and Pike Committees exposed severe abuses of power spanning several decades.
During the infamous COINTELPRO era revealed by those committees’ investigations, the FBI actively worked to suppress the movement for equal rights for women, directed violence toward the civil rights movement, placed provocateurs in the movement to end the war in Vietnam, and conducted a character assassination campaign targeting a world-historic leader we now appropriately honor as a national hero.
Those abuses might still be secret if a handful of committed people hadn’t broken into a government facility and taken to Congress the files they found, or if Congress hadn’t been willing to launch meaningful investigations as a result.
The domestic surveillance disclosed by Edward Snowden in 2013 should have prompted similar investigations. Snowden’s revelations principally addressed the NSA, but also included reflections of constitutionally suspect operations by other agencies, including the FBI. Indeed, since Snowden came forward, bureau officials have gained further access to data collected by NSA counterparts. But Congress still refuses to launch a comprehensive and public investigation into these operations.
We’re all interested to know everything that happened in San Bernardino. As the battle over encryption shifts to Congress, we hope that lawmakers will grow equally interested in finally learning what’s happening at the J. Edgar Hoover Building in Washington, D.C.
Before withdrawing them this week, the FBI made demands that threatened the privacy, security, and even the lives of millions of people who’ve done nothing wrong. Before contemplating whether to expand the bureau’s powers even further, Congress should finally explore how they’re already being abused today.
This post was originally published by TechCrunch on March 24, 2016, and reprinted with permission.
Related Cases: Apple All Writs Act (NY)Share this:     Join EFF

发布日期: 2016/Mar/25, 原作者: Shahid Buttar, 分类: Commentary, Privacy, Encrypting the Web, Security
